Xue Zhilong, you are really hopeless
Do you know whose location this is?
Then tell me
This is the position specially given to Qingyun Longjun by the conference
The golden dragon pays attention to it because of him
The big shot will offend him here tonight too
It's not going to be easy for all of us
If you want to die, don't take me with you.
Miss Li
It doesn't have anything to do with that mysterious man, does it?
Shoot quickly
Here 200,000 one
Delete. Don't let me see him
Appear where it shouldn't be
Or 200,000 my hand
Do you count now?
Draco who made a big man you dare not be
I'm kind to help you.
You deliberately embarrass me
And I was right.
You are a jerk
You could have sat here with dignity
But you gave it all up
Then let you experience it one last time.
The feeling of being a dragon
I'm done with you.
There is no connection between you and me
Is Miss Lin married?
Is this your husband?
Miss Lin, is this photo evidence of your affair?
That's not true.
Don't listen to his nonsense
It's all this kid's fault
He is a soft rice man
Our Mundy is going to divorce him
He deliberately took revenge here
Really not a man
Our neighbor has let him eat and drink for free for so many years
He actually deliberately messed with my sister
And let him make a fool of himself on this occasion
The heart is too cruel
I'm going to find someone to mess with him